README.md, before:

# OpenCV-with-Python-for-Image-Analysis-Example


### OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision Library)
OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision Library) is an open source computer vision and machine learning software library. OpenCV was built to provide a common infrastructure for computer vision applications and to accelerate the use of machine perception in the commercial products. Being a BSD-licensed product, OpenCV makes it easy for businesses to utilize and modify the code.

### Installing OpenCV for python

`pip3 install opencv-python`

or

`pip install opencv-python`

***
### Examples
#### basic_grayscale.py
Simple example which converts colored image to black and white or grayscle. Its easy to work with grayscale image than colored image. So its good practice to convert an image to grayscle.
[Read more...](https://pythonprogramming.net/loading-images-python-opencv-tutorial/)

#### contours_example.py
Detecting contours in an image and drawing it.
[Read more...](http://opencv-python-tutroals.readthedocs.io/en/latest/py_tutorials/py_imgproc/py_contours/py_contours_begin/py_contours_begin.html#contours-getting-started)

***

#### For reference and tutorial

[OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision Library)](https://opencv.org)

[OpenCV with Python Intro and loading Images tutorial](https://pythonprogramming.net/loading-images-python-opencv-tutorial/)

[OpenCV-Python Tutorials](http://opencv-python-tutroals.readthedocs.io/en/latest/py_tutorials/py_tutorials.html)

Commit message:

Binary color image converting example

README.md, after:

# OpenCV-with-Python-for-Image-Analysis-Example


### OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision Library)
OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision Library) is an open source computer vision and machine learning software library. OpenCV was built to provide a common infrastructure for computer vision applications and to accelerate the use of machine perception in the commercial products. Being a BSD-licensed product, OpenCV makes it easy for businesses to utilize and modify the code.

### Installing OpenCV for python

`pip3 install opencv-python`

or

`pip install opencv-python`

***
### Examples
#### basic_grayscale.py
Simple example which converts colored image to grayscle. Its easy to work with grayscale image than colored image. So its good practice to convert an image to grayscle.
[Read more...](https://pythonprogramming.net/loading-images-python-opencv-tutorial/)

#### contours_example.py
Detecting contours in an image and drawing it.
[Read more...](http://opencv-python-tutroals.readthedocs.io/en/latest/py_tutorials/py_imgproc/py_contours/py_contours_begin/py_contours_begin.html#contours-getting-started)

#### binary_color_image.py
Converting an image to binary color image i.e complete black and white.
[Read more...](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7624765/converting-an-opencv-image-to-black-and-white)

***

#### For reference and tutorial

[OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision Library)](https://opencv.org)

[OpenCV with Python Intro and loading Images tutorial](https://pythonprogramming.net/loading-images-python-opencv-tutorial/)

[OpenCV-Python Tutorials](http://opencv-python-tutroals.readthedocs.io/en/latest/py_tutorials/py_tutorials.html)
